What's up?
Who are you?
Dare to touch these gifts
Isn't this gift for me?
Why can't I move?
I'll give it to you. Which green onion are you?
presumptuous
How do you talk to your eldest lady?
My eldest lady
Didn't the old red send you here to give gifts?
How come you don't even know us?
Let me introduce you
This is the daughter of Hong Daying, the president of the Suzaku Association
Today is also his birthday
Coincidentally
His name is Hong Zhenzhen
So he thought
This five-star venue
And all the gifts are for him.
If you ever touch these gifts again
I'll break your claws
presumptuous
How are you going to talk to my daughter?
Ah ah mom
You are our subordinate
How dare you be my mother
What is Huang Daying?
He deserves me to be his subordinate
How did you teach someone this?
Could it be that you are the fox spirit he raised outside?
How dare you slander me like this
You are courting death